feat(docs): add flutter surveys docs (#12209)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/surveys/_snippets/flutter-surveys-installation.mdx

## Step one: Add PostHog to your app

> 🚧 **Note:** Mobile surveys for Flutter is currently in **beta** and only available for **iOS**. We'd love to hear your feedback on betas via the [in-app support panel](https://us.posthog.com#panel=support%3Afeedback%3Asurveys%3Alow%3Atrue) or one of our other [support options](/docs/support-options).
>
> Using it requires PostHog's Flutter SDK version >= 5.1.0, but it's recommended to always use the latest version.

import FlutterInstall from "../../integrate/_snippets/install-flutter.mdx"

<FlutterInstall />

> ## Step two: Enable surveys in your configuration

Reviewer: if you look at the session recording docs, you can see that it requires the `com.posthog.posthog.AUTO_INIT` to be disabled.
I think for surveys is the same thing, right? if that's the case, we should add this note and instructions as part of this step as well

Reviewer: worth checking with docs team on how to do this, so we dont duplicate more snippets and setup again
not a blocker for this PR

To enable surveys in your Flutter app, update your PostHog configuration:

```dart
final config = PostHogConfig('<ph_project_api_key>');
config.host = 'https://us.i.posthog.com';
config.surveys = true; // Enable surveys (iOS Only)

await Posthog().setup(config);
```

## Step three: Install PosthogObserver

> For surveys to display properly, you need to add the `PosthogObserver` to your app. The observer allows PostHog to determine the appropriate context for displaying surveys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For surveys to be shown, you need to add the `PosthogObserver` to your app. The observer allows PostHog to determine the appropriate context for displaying surveys.
```

i think `properly` is misleading here since its mandatory having the PosthogObserver

```dart
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';

import 'package:posthog_flutter/posthog_flutter.dart';

class MyApp extends StatefulWidget {
  const MyApp({super.key});

  @override
  State<MyApp> createState() => _MyAppState();
}

class _MyAppState extends State<MyApp> {
  @override
  void initState() {
    super.initState();
  }

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return PostHogWidget(
      child: MaterialApp(
        navigatorObservers: [PosthogObserver()],
        title: 'My App',
        home: const HomeScreen(),
      ),
    );
  }
}
```

If you're using `go_router`, check [this page](/docs/libraries/flutter#capturing-screen-views) to learn how to set up the `PosthogObserver`.

> 

Reviewer: i think we should add the `Troubleshooting` section as we have for the other platforms
a few of the items are the same.
maybe others would need to be added with potential issues such as missing the provider, etc
